c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\NorthWindApp.exe.config
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp_Content.g.cs
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\NorthWindApp.exe
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\NorthWindApp.pdb
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.g.resources
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.exe
c:\users\jio3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.pdb
C:\Users\jio3\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\NorthWindApp.exe.manifest
C:\Users\jio3\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\bin\Debug\NorthWindApp.application
C:\Users\jio3\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.exe.manifest
C:\Users\jio3\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthWindApp\NorthWindApp\obj\Debug\NorthWindApp.application
